
UNIT 1: APPROACHING TO IT
    1. What is your major?
    2. What do you study in your major?
    3. What kinds of job can you do after graduation?
    4. What are your job duties?
    5. Do you like your major? Why/ Why not?
UNIT 2: INSIDE THE COMPUTER
    1. What is its color, size, materials and brand?
    2. What are key components of a computer?
    3. What are the functions of each component?
    4. What is the processor speed/hard drive capacity/memory size of your computer?
UNIT 3: INPUT AND OUTPUT DEVICES
    1. What is its shape? What is it made of? (size, shape, materials)
    2. What are its specifications, functions and key features? (dimensions, weight, resolution, OS compatibility, component, capability,…)
    3. What are its advantages and disadvantages?
    4. Why do you like it? (compare with other products)
UNIT 4: Storage devices
    1. What storage device do you like most?
    2. How much memory does it have?
    3. What are its advantages and disadvantages?
    4. Why do you like it (compare with other storage devices)?
UNIT 5: SYSTEM SOFTWARE
    1. What is the operating system?
    2. Which platform was it most used for? (mobile, home computer, server network)
    3. Which company developed it?
    4. When was it developed and became popular?
    5. What kind of user interface does it use?
    6. How do you feel when using it?
UNIT 6: PROGRAMMING SOFTWARE
    1. How many types of computer languages are there?
    2. What computer language do you know best?
    3. By whom was it developed?
    4. When was it developed?
    5. What is it used for?
UNIT 7: NETWORKING
Write advantages or disadvantages of network.
    1. Advantages: 
    • Allow data to be shared
    • Users can share software on the servers
    2. Disadvantages:
    • Permits viruses to spread quickly
    • Server failure means no one can work
UNIT 8: Technical reports
Write a report based on completed notes.
    1. Date of call
    2. Time commenced
    3. Problem
    4. Fault diagnosis
    5. Advice


UNIT 1: APPROACHING TO IT
My name is Hung, I’m second year student and study Computer Science at Ha Noi University of Industry. Computer Science is a major that studies computer and computational systems, both hardware and software. We have to study a lot of subjects about my major such as: Computer Programming, Basic Language, Calculus and Discrete math, …
There are many different job for the Computer Science major. For example: Software Developer, Database Administrator, Computer Hardware engineer, … After graduation, I hope that I can work for a big company. So, software engineer is a job I want to do. This is my simple dream. I will take responsible for writing code, testing code and developing system.
I don’t just like my major, I like all of computer because I have a big passion in computer. I want to know everything about computer and that’s reason why i choose this major.

UNIT 2: INSIDE THE COMPUTER
I have a laptop, it’s type of medium and just quite cheap with a student. This is a device of ASUS company, it has a big screen about 15.6 inchs. It’s perfect design with rectangular shape, gold color. It looks so strong, great, it made of aluminum and plastic. There are alots components and a few key components. The first, my computer use CPU intel core i5 – there is a chip season 8th of intel, lastest model, CPU is the heart and brains of the computer because it control every active of computer. Next, this computer use NVIDIA graphics card 940MX, bring great images, display everything on the screen. The final, I update to 1TB disk drive and 8GB of RAM. How ever, my hard drive use HDD drive, really slow when I restart computer. It waste about 3 or 4 minutes to perform active. I will expand up to SSD in the future. The processor of this computer run at 3.4GHz, so good.

UNIT 3: INPUT AND OUTPUT DEVICES
I have an input device, that is M875 keyboard of Fuhlen. I use it for my computer because of some reasons. The first, it’s cheaper than other keyboards. The second, this keyboard doesn’t has number keys, so that its really compact and easy to carry. Besides, it mades of plastic but it looks pretty solid. However, its use LED RGB very nice but it also noisy when use at night. Final, it quite comfortable for working or entertaining.

UNIT 4: STORAGE DEVICES
My laptop use magnetic storage device. it is hard drive, it can hold 1TB of data, so high capacities. But, speed read of hard drive very slow. If has condition, I want to upgrade hard drive to SSD drive. When my computer equip SSD, the processor speed write and read data will be super fast. If you use HDD, it will take about 3 to 4 minutes to open application or restart computer, that is disadvantage of HDD. When you use SSD replace HDD, you will see everything really difficult. You can open any application or boot your computer, it’s just need 30s to do everything. But the price of a SSD not cheap, with normal SSD disk 128gb you must pay about 50 to 60$ - this is the only disadvantage of SSD. I like it because my computer use HDD too slow but with SSD it’s really fast.

UNIT 5: SYSTEM SOFTWARE
There are many operating systems that popular in the world such as: Window, linux, macOS, android, ios,… but the most popular operating system is Window invention by Bin-Gate, he is the father of window and he also found Micosoft group. Window developed by Micosoft company. The first window version was born in 1990, at that time OS was very simple. After 20 years, nowaday this OS really develop with many versions for PC, laptop,.. with 67 percent user market, hard ware, soft ware,.. in the world. This OS is friendly, comfortable and easy to use for newbie. This OS is a platform promising with user interface for installing an application or product. But something not free and you have to pay quite expensive to buy application. it’s really inconvenient for user.

UNIT 6: PROGRAMMING SOFTWARE
There are many computer languages in major information technology. And  I know some computer languages those popular in the world: C/C++, python, java, java scrip, ruby,.. and C++ is a best language for programming. This is middle-level language develop by Stroustrup in 1979 with idea of creating a new language stems from the programming experience when he wrote his doctoral thesis. C++ designed with priority for programming systems and embedded systems, compatible for both limited and large resource systems, with high performance, efficiency and flexibility.

UNIT 7: NETWORKING
Network is a space, environment, collection of computer, server, mainframes, network devices or connect to other devices. So, it also have advantages and disadvantages. Network has a lot of advantages. The first, it’s so easy to use for anyone because have been popular in the world for a long time. The second, there is large storage space to allow the sharing of data. An excellent example of network is internet, it’s used by millions of people all over the world. Moreover, users can share software on the servers, everything is free. Besides advantages, network also has some disadvantages. For example, network is ideal environment for virus to attack, it permits virus to spread quickly. When on a nice day, you cannot access to servers, it means server failure and no one can do anything else.
